INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# Clone repo and change these values as applicable (also follow instructions)

These instructions are intended as a guide. If you desire to do things differently, have at it.

## `main.js` script

This is the main script for your electron app. IT MUST HAVE THE SHEBANG LINE IF YOU INTEND TO USE IT WITH `npx/npm-init` TO START THE SCRIPT IN ELECTRON REGARDLESS OF PLATFORM (YES, THAT INCLUDES WINDOWS)!!!

- shebang: #!/usr/bin/env electron

## `bootstrap` folder

Items inside the bootstrap folder will get the installer running on various platforms using platform-specific code. Make these changes to get the installer to work on these platforms. Remove any of the following folders for platforms that do not apply to your installer

### `install.js` script

This script is the second half of the bootstrapper. The first half installs nodejs via platform-specific code. This script runs after nodejs is installed

##### Line 15

- execSync: command line call to either `npx <initializer>` or `npm init <initializer>`

### `windows` folder

These items are used for making a `setup.exe` executable

#### `nodejs.nsi` nsis script

This is a script written for the NSIS compiler. It is the core of the Windows bootstrapper, and makes the `setup.exe` file.

##### Lines 8 - 12

- Name: name of the installer
- OutFile: filename of the installer
- InstallDir: bootstrapper install directory - doesn't have to be same as ultimate installation directory, just a place to get the bootstrapper to run

##### Line 50

- (inetc::get [url]) url: url of the most up to date nodejs windows installer

##### Line 72

- (inetc::get [url]) url: url of the 'install.js' bootstrapper script

Commit message:

win32 binaries
# (dir) windows dir -> win_32 + _64 dirs
- for nodejs binaries
# (-) windows/readme.md -> (edit) instructions.md
- moved compile instructions to instructions.md

INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# Clone repo and change these values as applicable (also follow instructions)

These instructions are intended as a guide. If you desire to do things differently, have at it.

## `main.js` script

This is the main script for your electron app. IT MUST HAVE THE SHEBANG LINE IF YOU INTEND TO USE IT WITH `npx/npm-init` TO START THE SCRIPT IN ELECTRON REGARDLESS OF PLATFORM (YES, THAT INCLUDES WINDOWS)!!!

- shebang: #!/usr/bin/env electron

## `bootstrap` folder

Items inside the bootstrap folder will get the installer running on various platforms using platform-specific code. Make these changes to get the installer to work on these platforms. Remove any of the following folders for platforms that do not apply to your installer

### `install.js` script

This script is the second half of the bootstrapper. The first half installs nodejs via platform-specific code. This script runs after nodejs is installed

##### Line 15

- execSync: command line call to either `npx <initializer>` or `npm init <initializer>`

### `windows` folder

These items are used for making a `setup.exe` executable

#### `nodejs.nsi` nsis script

This is a script written for the NSIS compiler. It is the core of the Windows bootstrapper, and makes the `setup.exe` file.
Compile nodejs.nsi with the makensis command to compile installer
Requires inetc and nsexec plugins for NSIS to compile!

##### Lines 8 - 12

- Name: name of the installer
- OutFile: filename of the installer
- InstallDir: bootstrapper install directory - doesn't have to be same as ultimate installation directory, just a place to get the bootstrapper to run

##### Line 50

- (inetc::get [url]) url: url of the most up to date nodejs windows installer

##### Line 72

- (inetc::get [url]) url: url of the 'install.js' bootstrapper script
